Hi, this set of slides is about data. So we are going to give a brief overview on data domains and data storage and formats, structured data, semi-structured data and
unstructured data. And we are also going to provide you some data sources and look at a few examples. So data collected from
different domains and many domains are having
lots of data these days. Business domain, scientific,
health care domain and Web social network domains, manufacturers. So these are most common
domains that got a lot of data collected these days, right, okay? So most of these are driven
by having servers, all kinds of system servers, devices, sensors, and basically most of the data these days are stored in the cloud. So from software system perspective, data stored in traditional databases and data recorded in XML format, JSON format and pure TEXT files, CSV, text files and multimedia data like audio, images, videos, and commonly they are in MP3, MP4, JPEG and PNG file formats for pictures, okay? So the data store in different places or formats from different applications. So roughly we can treat
them as numerical data, text data, temporal data, data involved with time, okay? Spatial data, data got location indexed, binary data, 0, 1s, multimedia data, Internet streaming data, okay, and also network data, okay? So typically we like to categorize data
roughly in three kind of formats or availabilities structured data, semi-structured data and
unstructured data. So structured data, well,
apparently they are structured, right? So typically we call data stored
in well defined databases, SQL servers if you will, and
they are structured data. Simply because for
those data before they can store into the well-defined databases, they have to be validated
from the requirements so that they can be uploaded to the database,
right? So they are installed in the database. So we are going to retrieve
them using standard database access languages such as SQL,
okay? All right, and
many of you already know databases, so for databases, not only you can read,
you can also write, right? But in this class, typically we
are interested in read the data available to us and
do the analytics afterwards, okay? And we are also going to focus on data
retrieved from relational databases. So basically we are going
to use simple SQL commands to retrieve the data, okay? So the other common type for
data would be so called a semi-structured data. So it's not as structured or restricted like database, okay? So usually data stored in XML or
JSON files and we are going to refer them
as semi-structured data. So later in a class we
will have a detailed discussion on how this
data got defined and utilized in our programs. And again, for semi-structured data,
we also can do a read and write. In this class,
we are going to focus on reading the data in semi-structured format such as XML and
JSON, okay? So CSV files, sometimes they are also
referred as semi-structured data, okay? Later we will see detailed explanation and sample files, but
depends on how clean the CSV file is. Sometimes you can see that
it's semi-structured, almost structured data, well-defined, etc. But a lot of times CSV files could
because there's really no any limitation. So the format is in CSV,
but the data structure could be really not well-defined, okay? So sometimes even in CSV, it's almost
like an unstructured data, okay, right?