Well, of course,
unstructured data will be, there's nothing in terms of
structure that software, our system can just
lower data and use it so it's like a raw data. Usually we need to involve
with processing the data, engineering or
cleaning before we can even do anything simple. Usually data are more
complicated, for instance, we have the whole book
is data source to you, many photos, long
hours of video files. Then simple things even
like Internet web pages, email different, like email web server or
system server log files. Because this data, even
though they are unstructured, but they contain lots of variable information to us
so we would like to first process them and make the
data usable first and then we apply analytics or
computing on top of this data. There are many free
data sources online possibly and of
course if you own your own data or you
work for companies, got proprietary data interested to be analyzed, that's good. But if you don't have
any your own data yet, then we are going to rely on free online data to be our
experiments, if you will. I'm providing two sources here. One is KDnuggts, so please follow this
URL and they have a lot of data sets links
for you to explore. Keep in mind most of
them are raw data, not clean, and in really
a primitive formats. But obviously they're huge and then another really
good source data for many data scientists to begin their journey is Kaggle. I'm sure a lot of you guys
are familiar with this. kaggle.com/datasets a lot of interest data for you to use. Again, this is
particularly useful for beginners and also season
data scientists, of course, because most of the
data provided by Kaggle the data has been cleaned or
been used by many engineers, programmers, data
scientists so many errors are being caught so that's why the data are very usable and very popular
among data scientists. This is a small part of
the data from Kaggle, I think it's a California
housing data or something. I'm just trying to
demonstrate a sample here. Most of the data samples
we are going to use in this class will be in
this tabular format, CSV, table, if you will so it'll be row by column fashion. Each column is an attribute to the data and each row
is a single record or single data object
and depending on your column data type and each
sale would be a numerical, non numerical, few
items possibly, etc. Here are the snapshot
of one of the Amazon product reviews
so we have 4,5 reviews. We are going to treat this like Internet web page data and then how we are going
to collect the data or retrieve the data
usable and useful to us like reviews in particular and which date the review
was uploaded, etc. I get the first one
here, May 9, 2021, and data source like in this will be regarded as
unstructured data. This set of slides gives you
a brief introduction about the data and many of them will be further explored
later in the class. Thank you. If you
have any questions, please contact us and I'll
see you in another video. Bye.