New challenges include, lots of data and well data
stored in different formats, and describe all contents
and a huge quantity of them. Because of the Internet and wireless mobile
devices, et cetera. Streaming data is common
and popular these days, because of the streaming nature, that data got
accumulated so fast. Because of the data is
a quantity and variety. We would like to understand
the data and it's inside, so to speak, in real
time or near real time. That is, we'd like to understand what's going on as
soon as possible. From a software perspective, due to the quantity and variety and accumulating
speed of this data, our system and our software
needs to be scalable. Because the data distributed, and computation is no
longer centralized, this whole territory is so big. Many different talents
such as programmers, data scientists,
and context experts and so on and so forth. Usually, we categorize big data in 3V's and they are volume, lots of them in terabyte pay scales velocity because
accumulated speed. A variety due to the nature of the data
contains lots of information. Sometimes we refer the inside
of this data as knowledge. Commonly we like to categorize, again, a big data in 3Vs. That is, as long as
data has this 3Vs, then we'd like to
call them big data. Sometimes some disciplines
they prefer to use 5Vs, 3Vs plus value and veracity. Usually the value is embedded
in the variety so to speak, and veracity basically in
trying to make sure data, provided they are reliable or they came from
reliable sources. All these driven by hardware, software, and plus applications. Obviously, much more
advanced hardware available and new development in terms of software applications
or Internet of things, devices connected. Also as business grows. Different domains such
as business, nature, science, healthcare, and
education, to name a few. Who works with big data? Apparently, people in specific
domains like a business, banking and statisticians
apply math people, computer science people,
business people, and IT people to support the system
integration et cetera. This is just a
brief introduction to this class that why we
need to take this class, why this is interesting
and challenging different applications
and domain et cetera. We'll have more details to be discussed in
other future slides. Thank you and I
will see you. Bye.