Hi. Next, let's have
some discussion on data science or data
analytics pipeline. You can see this diagram is a typical data
science pipeline. Usually, we have data
sources to begin with, more than one source possibly. Then the next stage, or next module, or next component
is data ingestion. This stage focuses
on how to get data, lower data into our system. The next stage would
be data engineering. Basically this is how or where we're going
to clean the data, filter in the data, or even massage the
data, if you will. Data engineering, so all
kinds of processing data work will be happening right here. The next stage is the most
important module to us. We normally refer this
component as analytics, or computation, computing, or modeling, et cetera. Notice I have a big
self looped arrow here that is trying to indicate
a lot of the work here. They have to be repeated so many different types
using different parameters, different proportion of
the data, et cetera. You notice most of
the analytic work, they are happening right
here in this component. The other essential component in the data science pipeline
is data visualization, since visualization is so powerful in helping
data analytics. So at the end, we are going to deliver what the clients
would like to have, so including possibly
reports, suggestions, recommendations,
software, et cetera. So from a computer science
software perspective, we are mostly interested in these four modules,
data injection, data engineering, computing for analytics, and visualization. So in data ingestion stage, we pay attention to various data sources,
various data formats. Once we are allowed
to get the data, or retrieve the data, or download the data
from the data sources, what kind of data
structures will be used in our system to store the
data available to us? In the data engineering stage, typically it involves
data validation, so we had to check the
data types are correct, and we are also
interested in finding out those empty
sales, if you will. Missing values or empty values, or simply we just refer them as null values We are also going
to perform error checking, such that, for a given column, what would be the correct range between the minimum
value and maximum value? For instance, like the
age of a human object. It would be from
zero to say 125. So it wouldn't be
500 for instance. If it's negative value, it would be incorrect. In this stage, we are
also going to clean data, remove duplicates,
redundant data, remove outliers, et cetera.